# COVID-19-Vaccination-Hesitancy-Textual-Analysis

COVID-19, a type of coronavirus that provoked the global pandemic, has reshaped the entire world. Social distancing, travel restrictions, mask mandates, and remote working has become unprecedentedly common in our normal life. The negative impact of COVID is indeed severe: many individuals encounter both economical and mental issues. Since early 2020, everyone has had the same hope: end of pandemic. The good news is that vaccines were developed within several months, which can prevent infection and reduce spread of diseases. Thanks to cutting-edge pharmaceutical technology, we could now see a positive and promising turning point of a long-lasting health crisis.

Global pandemic, however, is not slowing down although various types of vaccines are deployed in the market. Recently, cases resurged everywhere in the US and other countries. Such increase of infection results from occurrence of two new variants: Delta, which went viral in the late summer, and Omicron, another subtype of COVID-19 that gave rise to new outbreaks. Another factor that pushed up daily COVID-19 is vaccination hesitancy. Although vaccines have been proven to be safe, a great percent of individuals are still reluctant to take their first shot. 

Vaccination hesitancy could be harmful to people’s health and extend the time of pandemic. To face the challenge of encouraging vaccination, we should discover its root cause, and one approach is utilizing vaccination-related tweets. Short texts and comments from twitter reflect personal beliefs. By deciphering perspectives from the public, government and specialists could further explain whether these thoughts are true. Also, they could set a more practical strategy to promote COVID vaccine and encourage vaccination.

Our research focuses on COVID vaccine tweets analytics, and aligns its results to COVID-19 time-series vaccination progress. We clean the dataset feature by feature to ensure high precision of our findings. For our analysis, we implement numerous sentiment models to decipher the feelings of the general public toward vaccines. Also, we extract the most common words among tweets to identify the most popular vaccine-related issues. Findings from both sentiment and most common-word analysis could help define the relationship between opinions about vaccines and action of vaccination, and provide constructive suggestions for vaccination encouragement.
